who's my girl my girl has love in her
heart and snow in her eyes and pepper in
her life every birthday kiddo mrs. North
I'm very sorry for your loss we have
three suspects in custody
but they're all linked to the Garcia
cartel no witnesses have been willing to
step up these cartels are no joke
they've got everyone net pockets you've
been through a terrible tragedy maybe
you didn't see what you think you saw
kid maybe you've made a mistake
no we're three over five Network for
[Music]
your recollection isn't what you thought
it was the evidence is insufficient to
hold the defendants over for trial you
think that you're gonna have justice
make them all all day
five years ago Riley North just
disappeared completely off the grid so
she spends the last five years doing
what training well that's new he
honestly think Riley North did this
today's the five-year anniversary of her
family's murder
she's back
corrupt judges dirty cops what I want
coincidence that makes this area low
crime it is low crime because of her
[Music]
and somebody's doing something finder I
don't care if you have to burn the city
down watching someone take everything
from you it turned you into somebody
else
social media is lit up with support for
sheezy multiple homicide suspect not to
them she's not up man and now God
Kairi cynical
I will kill every one of you they'll
pretty much wing it from there
[Music]